[Music]
[Applause]
what's up guys everyone's talking about
this camera all the sudden
Peter Madi has made a video about it
saying canon 6d mark 2 we've seen
creators switching around to cameras
there was a huge shift from Canon to
Sony this pasture myself did that switch
and even Casey nice staff who has been
using the Panasonic gh4 a very long time
I would say has switched back to Canon
so I want to see what it's all about the
Canon 16 mark 2 has actually been out
for a minute it came out in July 2017
but it's my first time to get my hands
back on a Canon camera in general for a
while so I have my friend Cody here pony
Cuba oh very nice he has a Canon 6d mark
- so we're gonna put it to the test
let's start with these specs do I
usually use a picture profile which is
an advantage to Sony cameras you have a
wide variety of flat profiles so this is
pretty flat but I'm going to be shooting
on this neutral profile for comparison
sake so this is so many neutral ok so
for this test we have the exact same
lenses for both cameras same aperture
same focal lengths camera is $1,700 has
a twenty six point three megapixel CMOS
sensor a forty five point all cross-type
autofocus system digital five way image
stabilization an optical viewfinder the
maximum resolution is 1920 by 1080 and
you can go up to 60 frames per second
the ISO range is from 100 to 25600
anyway is a grand total of one and a
half
the sony a7s 2 has a 12 point two
megapixel CMOS sensor it has a 5 sweet
sensor ship image stabilization
unlike the digital image stabilization
in the 60 it has an electronic
viewfinder it can shoot up to 4k at 30
frames per second or 24 frames per
second and also 1920 by 1080 at 120
frames per second so you can get some
nice slo-mo
it's also great at low light so it has
the ISO range from 100 to 102 thousand
400 because this is a mirrorless camera
it's much smaller and comes in at 22
ounces yes yeah no yes nope unlocking
you have a special gas you can have your
model around whoa what do you think
about Tom's yellow wall so we are taking
our lovely friend Joe time piano around
the world and we are going to do a
little low light
slow-motion test how does that what
we're doing
[Music]
so at the can of 60 mark - it doesn't
have an actual image stabilization with
this camera
it literally shifts the sensor in order
to stabilize it so it's like the sensors
on its own gimble but with the Canon
there's the sensor stays in place but it
digitally image stabilizes it so mine's
cropped in just a little bit now we're
gonna test autofocus and as bloggers
we're always moving around and putting
stuff in front of lens to show you so
I'm just testing to see how quickly this
can ought to focus on things I'm putting
up bringing back to my face
and he gets to cheat because he has a
screen
what about now so canon cameras are
known to have really good autofocus they
have that dual pixel a a sony does
better than the GH 5 but it's still not
the best compared to canon cameras the
a7 s is gonna take longer to focus on
things sit there yet and sit there yet
alright so I think we're good
and V downside when you're filming
yourself you don't have a flip screen
you really don't know if something's in
focus it'd be nice to have that top to
focus
[Music]
[Applause]
so the conclusion is that the cannon
definitely has better autofocus ever the
a7s it gets the job done
I think it's decent enough clearly
autofocus is still not perfect and these
cameras like mirrorless a DSLR usually
point-and-shoots do better like my rx
105 is meant for the more running gun
but you're not gonna get as much Boca as
you're gonna be getting with using like
professional lenses and stuff so it's
kind of like a give or take but with a
Sony you have to have the face detection
turned on or when you're like vlogging
yourself and filming you're doing this
and that you just want it won't be in
focus at all I just want to interrupt
this programming for a very special
announcement are you ready I have a
Skillshare class I made a Skillshare
class how I start with a very beginning
what camera should you use how do you
use the camera all the way to editing
and talking about the editing software
that I use any other programs that you
guys can use Skillshare is an online
learning community with over 17,000
classes and photo video design right now
in January there is a insane offer where
you can get three months of Skillshare
wait for it for only 99 cents it's like
I'm giving you knowledge for free and
17,000 other knowledge --is premium
membership allows unlimited classes so
you can step up your knowledge unlock
those new opportunities I'm always very
curious about graphic design
illustration it's something that I've
never really been able to be good at but
I'm always trying to kind of learn on
the side so Aaron drop Lin has a
fantastic class on logos and someone
like Debbie Millman who I've actually
interviewed before she has a class it's
fantastic Skillshare is very affordable
especially in comparison to other
learning platforms out there so for an
entire year membership is less than $10
a month so check
the link in the description below if you
want to learn how to vlog with Sara
deechi I made it easy it's only over 30
minutes but I dive into everything you
need to know so it's pipe all you have
to sit down for like 30 minutes and
you're gonna be standing very far away
from my camera cuz there's a 70 to 200
on it now when it comes to image
stabilization the longer the winds the
longer the focal length the more image
stabilization is important that's why
when it comes to blogging you have a
wider focal length like a 24 to 70 or
maybe 8 16 to 35 that's the typical
vlogging lens because it's wide it's not
going to be as shaky if you're blogging
with it 7200 because this is me up close
this isn't gonna work
I mean I don't even think you can focus
[Music]
10 degrees and yesterday was the bomb
site today it's just like let's be the
coldest day ever
[Music]
Oh
30% how much better like there's a 19%
I've only lost one bar all day
all right well Canada has better battery
to omit that okay so we compared we did
some tests canon 60 mark 2 versus the
sony a7s - if we're gonna tell you now
why we chose what we chose so why are
you in the canon family i mean i think
the first thing that i would like to say
is my personal life philosophy is that
there's not really a best camera you
have to find what meets your needs yeah
and if we're saying like what is the
best camera then we should just stop the
video now and say it's the sony a7s
because it's a more expensive camera has
more options better for video i do a lot
of photography still and I'm a youtuber
I don't need for k1
most of the people watching YouTube
videos are watching on the screens that
don't even do for tonight and then the
other thing for me is I already have
Canon glass because that was my photo
camera was Canon so I was like you know
what I can actually upgrade my Canon
body and that will give me a great
vlogging camera a great photo camera and
this is the best camera possible for me
right now and also something that Peter
McKinnon talks a lot about is a color
science of Canon and I would agree these
skin tones are gorgeous with Canon it's
almost something that you don't even
have to touch your color grades however
that kind of limits the range of look so
you can go for but then also you can
download different profiles like seal
alright you don't look at that the a7s2
is $700 more expensive but there are so
many things when it comes to video
making and filmmaking that I think makes
it worth it but when it comes to
vlogging and it comes to being a one-man
show
sometimes that flip out screen is enough
I love slow-mo so the fact that there is
120 frames per second at 1920 by 1080
it's like yes please and then what
point-and-shoots the arts my hungers you
can actually shoot up to like 940 frames
per second and the high frame rate mode
which is so clutch I use that a lot to
shoot 240 at 480 I think for me it's
like taking the package as a whole it
was I'm losing 4k and I'm losing 120
frames per second which I love 120s what
I have an arch 100 as well I think
ultimately everything I'm gonna gain and
this is gonna be worth those few losses
so I hope this was helpful for you if
you're in the market to do a little
upgrade because these are more they're
not professional cameras but they are
edging like more towards that you know
if you're just beginning I would
recommend a Canon t3i Canon t5i Canon
70d any of the mid-tier Sony's or even
point-and-shoots like the Sony rx100
yeah Cody thank you so much for helping
me out so he has a youtube channel so go
subscribe to a quality see I never isn't
beside that side Cody's channel anyways
I hope this was helpful join the most
creative family on the planet
peachie fam what's up hit that subscribe
button down below let me know if you
liked this video stay peaches okay
[Music]